[docs] Link blog post from examples overview page and some minor edits. (#3299)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/studio/getting-started/examples-overview.md

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

This collection includes apps that showcase connecting to APIs, adding custom components, adding secrets, adding authentication, working with ORMs and more.

> If you're interested in how MUI uses Toolapd Studio to build internal apps, check out our [blog post](https://mui.com/blog/toolpad-use-cases/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in how MUI uses Toolpad Studio to build internal apps, check out the [blog post](https://mui.com/blog/toolpad-use-cases/).
```

> If you're interested in how MUI uses Toolpad Studio to build internal apps, check out the [blog post](https://mui.com/blog/toolpad-use-cases/).

Reviewer: Would this solve the vale warning?
```suggestion
If you're interested in how we, at MUI, use Toolpad Studio to build internal apps, check out the [blog post](https://mui.com/blog/toolpad-use-cases/).
```
